You know, we have, ah, lot of different risks that are presented to us,
and some of those are authenticity of who we are. One example. I heard
from a chaplain who was at a Liberty port. And in order for you
to go off the quarterdeck, you had to actually take a condom with you.
Obviously, they were having problems on this ship with certain diseases
and different issues. And so this chaplain, being a married
man, thought that was a inappropriate for him to take a condom. But
yet he understood the rules. So at this point, he took the condom and
he went on liberty and he came back. But he made a point to take the
condom and put it back in the bowl to prove to him the rest of the
people that he still had integrity, that he still honor that he was
still bound by the law. But it wasn't gonna affect his beliefs for
his thought process.